{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This read me describes how tor recreate the image analysis in Figure 2.\
\
These scripts analyze the growth of plaques over time. The original images are in the folder 
\f1\b nov19.\

\f0\b0 To pursue this analysis, we first compute the camera movement by running the script 
\f1\b compute_edges_nov19.m
\f0\b0  which generates a matrix 
\f1\b edges_nov19.mat
\f0\b0  in the folder 
\f1\b Data.
\f0\b0  We then get the center of the plaques in the last frames with the scripts 
\f1\b get_center_Delta.m 
\f0\b0  and 
\f1\b get_center_WT.m
\f0\b0 . These use a cropped version of the data from nov19 which can be found in the folder 
\f1\b cropped. 
\f0\b0 This cropped version of the data shows only the circular Petri dish and not the entire setup of the experiment. The centers of the plaques will be saved as 
\f1\b Delta_nov19_centers.csv
\f0\b0  and 
\f1\b WT_now19_centers.csv. 
\f0\b0 Using these csv files we can run the scrips 
\f1\b pl_size_delta_nov19.m
\f0\b0  and 
\f1\b pl_size_wt_bow19.m. 
\f0\b0 These scripts track back the size of the plaques in earlier images with the helper functions 
\f1\b analyze_single_pl_delta.m
\f0\b0  and 
\f1\b analyze_single_pl_wt.m 
\f0\b0  to generate the final plaque sizes in pixels 
\f1\b delta_areas_v2.mat 
\f0\b0 and 
\f1\b WT_areas_v2.mat
\f0\b0  in the Data folder. Note that these areas are expressed in pixels so a rescaling is needed to convert to a standard measure. However, since both the Delta and WT images were taken from the same original image, the pixel size is the same for both datasets. Finally, 
\f1\b Fig2_final_code.m
\f0\b0  plots the two datasets, fits a slope and performs a bootstrap analysis to obtain the supplemental figures.  \
}